in 1968 George Romero brought us Night
of the Living Dead it became the classic
horror film of its time now George
Romero brings us the most intensely
shocking motion-picture experience for
all times it gets up and kills the
people it kills get up and kill this
situation must be controlled before it's
too late they are multiplying to rapidly
Dawn of the Dead meet me on the roof of
nine o'clock get out Thank believe it
what happen a topper we've got to
survive somebody's got to survive it
they kill for one reason they kill for
food they eat their victims imagine if
you will that something has gone
terribly
should now accept the fact that there's
no escaping the horrible consequences
George Romero brings back the dead Night
of the Living Dead has ended Dawn of the
Dead is here we must not be lulled by
the concept that these are our family
members or our friends they are none
they will not respond to such emotions
operated dead poster banned from anybody
it's everywhere what the hell is it
looks like a shopping center when was
big indoor malls what are they doing why
do they come here some kind of instinct
memory what they used to do this was an
important place in their lives
we've got a war
I'm afraid we have spawned our own
savagery soon it will consume us all
it is a horrible hauntingly accurate
vision of the mindless excesses of a
society gone mad they must be
Lloyd on-site when there is no more room
in Hell the Dead will walk the earth we
are down to the line folks we are down
to the line
you